Update README.md (#253)
markussiebert/cdk-sops-secrets: README.md

The most useful settings will be explained in the further chapters:

### Useage of secretsmanager with version in cdk

> While creating the secret/updating the entries within the secret the nativ cdk function (cdk.FileSystem.fingerprint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

While creating the secret or updating the entries of a secret,  the nativ cdk function (cdk.FileSystem.fingerprint) is used to generate the version information of the AWS SecretsManager secret.
```

> Therefore it is possible to get the entries from a specific secretsmanager version, because the fingerprint of the file does match the version within SecretsManager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore it is possible to reference the entries from a specific AWS SecretsManager version.
```

> Example for ECS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```

```typescript

> const versionId = cdk.FileSystem.fingerprint(`./sops/${props.environment}Secrets.json`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const versionId = cdk.FileSystem.fingerprint(`./sops/SomeSecrets.json`)
```

const passphrase = ecs.Secret.fromSecretsManagerVersion(secretMgmt, { versionId: versionId }, 'MY_PRIVATE_PASSPHRASE')

> const TaskDef = new ecs.FargateTaskDefinition(this, 'FTP-Adapter', {
>     });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...
```

const container = TaskDef.addContainer('FTP-Adapter', {

>    memoryLimitMiB: ct.ContainerMemory,
>    readonlyRootFilesystem: true,
>    cpu: ct.ContainerCPU,
>    image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromEcrRepository(ecrRepo, imageTag),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ...
```
